Previously. on
Sons of Anarchy...
Where are the letters?
Tara's still got 'em?
Just leave her out of it. huh?
Too late.
We have an internal threat.
The doctor... that's
your VP's old lady.
We'll clean it up.
Oh. God!
What are you doing!
Jax!
God! Dad?
Oh. my God!
Shit!
What are you doing here?!
Clay killed your old man.
You want to tell me
what happened to Piney?
You should know.
You're Clay's boy.
Did you know?!
No. Ope!
You're gonna die...
at the gavel.
Ope! Put it down.
What do I tell Roosevelt. huh?
Mexicans?
No. Say it was black.
Clay wanted me to stay.
He had a feeling something
was going down.
A brother asked for help...
I turned my back.
Hey.
Who's Veronica Pope?
Damon Pope's daughter.
The most dangerous gangster
in the whole town.
Tig's in trouble. brother.
He needs an escort home.
It's time we all knew
the truth... Clay Morrow
killed your father.
Stole that seat away from
this family. and he tried
to kill your wife.
You kill Clay
before he's on his
feet and strikes first.
When Clay's back at
the table. we can discuss
the deal.
The only way this deal happens
is if he's running it.
CIA is subsidizing Galindo.
U.S. Attorney has more
than enough to indict.
When things are
running smoothly with the Irish.
I'll do my best to get Munson
clear of all the charges.
I read the letters.
The only reason I
am not slicing
you open right now is 'cause I
need this cartel deal to happen.
Walking away from
my club is one
thing. but letting it die. I
can't... it's a part of me.
Something happens at
around 92 miles an hour.
Thunder headers drown
out all sound.
Engine vibration travels
at a heart's rate.
Field of vision funnels
into the immediate.
And suddenly. you're not on the
road. you're in
it. a part of it.
Traffic. scenery. cops... just cardboard
cutouts blown over as you pass.
Sometimes I forget
the rush of that.
That's why I love
these long runs.
All your problems.
all the noise. gone.
Nothing else to worry about except
what's right in front of you.
Maybe that's the lesson for me
today... to hold on to these
simple moments. appreciate
them a little more.
There's not many of them left.
I don't ever want that for you.
Finding things that make you
happy shouldn't be so hard.
I know you'll face pain. suffering.
hard choices. but you
can't let the weight of it choke
the joy out of your life.
No matter what. you have to find the
things that love you. run to them.
There's an old saying. That which
doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
I don't believe that.
I think the things that try to
kill you make you angry and sad.
Strength comes from the good
things... your family. your
friends. the satisfaction
of hard work.
Those are the things that
will keep you whole.
Those are the things to hold
on to when you're broken.
Hey. Jackie boy.
You needing anything?
I'm good. brother.
Hey. boy.
Hey.
Want to party?
We ready?
Nah. Happy's still
getting his dick sucked.
In this skank hole?
Aw. come on. there's nothing
wrong with the occasional skank.
Tell him to pull out.
I want to head home.
Hey. what do you think he's
writing in those little pads?
It's a children's book.
All right. girls.
dicks in. balls out.
Home's a speeding ticket away.
Let's go.
SAMCRO.
That's it. Let's go.
Shit!
Shoot 'em!
Torch it!
Guys!
Get me out of here!
Phil! Cover me!
Let's go! Let's go!
Come on! Come on!
Get me out! Get me out!
Come on!
Hap. let 'em go!
Get the haul!
Come on. come on.
- You okay?
- They came out of nowhere.
Now what the hell
are we gonna do with it?
Cops are gonna be here soon.
All right. let's leave the
blow in the crate and stash
it in the woods.
get it tomorrow.
Come on. Now. Let's go.
Let's go. Come on.
Sorry.
* Riding through this world *
* all alone *
* God takes your soul *
* You're on your own *
* The crow flies straight *
* a perfect line *
* on the devil's bed *
* until you die *
* Gotta look this life *
* in the eye *
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
That's enough?
Hey.
I'm fine.
Retaliation?
Niners torched the truck.
Everyone's whole.
Now what?
I fix it.
I'm gonna keep Rat
here at night.
I want you carrying that gun.
Okay.
We're doing
Piney's thing today.
I know.
You don't have to come.
I can't.
I'm training my
new replacement.
Starting my new duties.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. me. too.
What?
I don't know how
we do this. Tara.
I don't know where it all goes.
I know.
But we do it as a family.
I can promise you that.
I love you.
Hey. Come here.
All right. then.
little monster.
I'll see you later. okay?
What time is Gemma coming?
She's not.
I'm taking the boys with me.
I got them into the day care
center at the hospital.
I thought we were gonna wait.
Till there was an opening.
I found out yesterday.
It's the best thing for Abel. and...
lets me be close to Thomas.
You know. regular feedings.
Gemma know?
Not yet.
Whatever you think's best.
See you later.
Whoa. whoa.
whoa. easy. now. love.
Was I that bad?
Who the hell are you?
Wow.
Really?
You came home with me last
night... this is my place.
- Look. I'm not gonna hurt you...
- Back off!
Yes. ma'am.
Okay. nice.
Let me guess... JDate?
Something like that.
Well. listen. I really
hate to step on your little
post-coital ritual. but...
Jeannie and Liz. they have morning dates.
Let's go. party pets.
Duty calls.
Let me use the bathroom first.
Okay.
You got this?
Yeah.
Employees.
You a pimp?
I'm a companionater.
I bring folks together.
I'm all about the love.
I sucked your
dick. too. didn't I?
Oh. yeah.
Look. nothing bad went down.
I mean. this is all consensual.
I'm pretty sure we had fun.
Man...
Oh. Jesus.
I did a spic pimp.
Yeah. and I did a
drunken cracker MILF.
Hmm.
Now. put the gun down.
Yeah. okay.
Thank you.
You can use my shower.
I have clean towels in there.
I'm gonna head downstairs and
have some coffee. a little Advil.
You can join me.
I'll get you a ride home.
Or not.
Well. if not. uh...
address is on the card there.
You can call a cab yourself.
head out the side exit.
It was nice...
meeting you. Rose.
Rose?
That's what you
said your name was.
Right.
Who is it?
Gaalan.
Heard about the Niners attack.
Mm.
How's he doing?
Moving slowly. but...
seems okay.
Misses her.
No. I get it.
All right. thanks.
How'd that go?
Not good.
Did you. uh. tell him
the attack on the truck was
because of me. had nothing
to do with the guns?
Doesn't matter.
The Irish are hanging on to this
cartel deal by a thin. red hair.
One more snafu. they bail.
All right. we got
church this afternoon.
We take it to Jax.
Yeah.
Hey. you need a lift
to Piney's memorial?
I think I'll. uh...
sit this one out.
He was first nine.
Yeah. I'm aware.
Hey.
I don't think he's ready
to deal with that kind of shit.
_
Diosa International.
This is Kelly.
Coffee?
Black.
Lots of sugar.
Escorts?
Very legit.
Breakfast date?
Aroma therapy session.
And your
neighbors don't mind the smell?
Oh. we're off the
beaten path here.
We keep a low profile. make
the right people happy.
My affiliations...
keep the bad guys away.
Nero Padilla.
Gemma.
Thanks.
Nice to meet you... Gemma.
That's what started
our little bar chat.
Scars of a feather.
Triple bypass at 42.
Open-heart surgery.
Bad genetics.
You're surrounded by
barely legal pussy.
What the hell you doing
picking up old broads?
Some kind of granny fetish?
Nah. I don't sleep
with my coworkers.
Mainly because I'm old
enough to be their father.
What about the Olsen twins?
That was all you. baby.
Really?
Wow.
Oh. it was definitely wow.
Me. I like a little more. uh.
patina on my precious metal.
Oh. man.
I must've been shit-faced to go
for that whole Rico Suave thing.
You were funny.
sexy. no wedding ring.
Seemed like a good idea.
Mm-hmm.
I guess your name wasn't the
only thing you forgot. huh?
Sorry.
Oh. that's me.
My cab.
Okay.
Well. you take care. Gemma.
Yeah.
You. too... Nero...
if that's really your name.
Thanks for not being a dick.
My life's ambition.
Mmm.
Hey.
I'm glad you
decided to do this.
It's not for me.
it's for my kids.
This is good for everyone. Ope.
Let's them say good-bye.
And let's us bury the lie.
Piney Winston. killed
by the Mexican cartel.
The truth will come out. man.
It just can't be now.
Too many people will get hurt.
I'm sorry you see
that as a betrayal.
The only betrayal that I
see is Clay not being the one
going in that hole.
Yeah.
I know you can't sit
at the table with him.
I was wrong to ask you.
I love you. Ope.
And I want you in SAMCRO. but whatever
you decide to do. I'm gonna back you.
I hope you know that.
What I know is that the
gavel turns shit around.
I'm not gonna turn into Clay.
I'm more afraid that
I'm gonna turn into you.
Hey.
I... thought you
were at Piney's memorial.
Oh... shit.
No. man. I forgot.
- I didn't realize that today was...
- Where you been?
You look like hell.
Uh... Clay's here. He...
come to pick up the rest of his shit.
He thought you'd
be at the cemetery.
I'm feeling
really uncomfortable.
Sorry. I. uh...
I didn't think you'd be here.
Just looking for that
ring Rusty gave me.
Thank you.
Don't take any of the photos.
I wasn't gonna.
Can we talk?
Please?
Two minutes?
Two minutes.
I know you want me dead.
That's why you gave
Jax those letters.
Shit I did. it's the. uh...
it's the move I deserved.
I'm not a complicated guy. Gem.
I'm... I'm not like JT.
I sink my teeth into a
goal. I see it through.
It's the...
it's the soldier in me.
All I could see was the endgame.
All that money.
The shit with Tara. me lying to
you. just part of the mission.
Look. I'm not gonna...
insult you by trying to say I'm
sorry... there's too much damage
for that... but...
...your involvement with John's death...
the stuff he says about
you... in some of those letters...
I take that to my grave.
I-I don't expect you to...
forgive me.
But at least I'll know
I did one right thing.
I love you. Gem.
I always will.
You don't
ever put a hand on me again.
The IRA is nervous
about our black problem.
So am I.
Damon Pope is a serious man.
Yeah. hard to spin
killing an innocent girl in a
good direction.
I know.
Niners won't talk.
Laroy is on a rampage.
I need to get to Pope.
try to make this right.
He's insulated.
Be hard to get that sit-down.
Then tap into
your CIA contacts.
This only gets settled
with a face-to-face.
Yeah? Then what?
You think you just say
"I'm sorry" and move on?
Better have something he needs.
Pope doesn't need anything.
I got to give him something
he wants.
Only he knows what that is.
We'll try to set it up.
So. uh...
the meet still on with Gaalan?
Yeah. he's in town next week.
The Irish will know that Clay's
running point. and you'll
start getting your big guns.
What am I supposed
to tell Bobby?
He knows that Otto
gave him up to RICO.
You're gonna have to
share our confidential
agreement with Mr. Munson.
But know this... your club can't know
about RICO or our affiliation.
My guys think he's inside
on the Georgie Caruso hit.
I'll tell the club that
the case fell apart.
Keep Elvis in the building.
You're gonna need to trust him.
Otto... gave up Bobby on
history. but someone
current had
to be helping the D.A.. too.
How would they know that
gun deal was going down?
Keep your coke and.
uh. guns running smoothly.
I'll keep RICO off your back.
And when are they
off my back for good?
When I don't need you anymore.
I wouldn't dismiss me
that easily. Commander Parada.
You had no choice but
to play your CIA card.
Gave you leverage.
kept us in line.
But it also gave
me a big stick.
Now. I'm sure Galindo's crew
embraces Uncle Sam's help. but
how would the street
react to that?
Anyone around here finds out
you're doubling up as a Fed.
your sway in Cali ain't shit.
And your coke demand
dies in a day.
Looks like we need each other.
Bobby Munson. as promised.
Let's get out of here.
I'm very happy to be out.
Kind of scared to ask how.
It's been a busy
couple of weeks. brother.
Come on.
Where's Jax?
I hear he's your new president.
He's not here.
What do you want?
Are you guys aware of the
violence that's happening in Charming?
Two home invasions
in less than a week.
Contrary to popular belief...
we can read.
Why. you think we had
something to do with it?
Three weeks ago an
unidentified man ran down
Veronica Pope in what we can assume
was an attempted hit on Laroy Wayne.
No witnesses came forward yet. but...
some folks are saying
that they saw the One-Niners chasing
after a group of guys on motorcycles.
Really?
First home invasion was
Lynette Brice. one of your croweaters.
2:30 this morning. Wade Steiner
was attacked in his own kitchen.
He's a mechanic here at the TM.
Do you. uh. see
the pattern here?
If these home invasions are
retaliation by Pope or the Niners...
We ain't heard
of any beefs. man.
No?
No.
Hm.
Then who would attack your auto parts
truck outside of Modesto last night?
Angry pirates.
I don't give a
shit if Pope blows up every
goddamn truck of yours.
but not in my quadrant.
One innocent gets hurt. and I
make Pope look like an altar
boy. you understand?
I see what you did there.
I love Catholic jokes.
You know.
remember the two nuns?
Yeah.
- They walk into a dyke bar...
- Hey! Bobby!
Munson's free.
RICO's dead.
I guess you're free
and clear. too. huh?
Don't worry.
I'm not gonna out you.
But... this Pope thing spills over
into Charming. I expect you to tell me.
Good faith gesture.
How's it feel. man?
Thanks.
What did I tell your
crew three weeks ago?
Lay low.
Yes. mm-hmm.
We don't make decisions
in the heat of rage.
Look. Laroy's still feeling
the pain of losing his girl.
She wasn't... his girl.
He told us to hit that truck.
Said we waited long enough.
My daughter was murdered.
Someone goes after the men suspected
of doing it. all eyes look my way.
Sons killed TJ on that highway.
Now. we got to answer
back. or we look weak.
You know how that works. man.
I just got a call...
from the military arm of the
Galindo drug cartel...
wanting me to sit down with Jax Teller.
Do you know how hard I have worked to
distance myself from that element?
Your need for street cred is
making my life difficult.
It stops now.
Why ain't you laying
this all on Laroy. okay?
'Cause he's the one
making the calls.
All we do is...
Look. I'm s...
Our detectives got the address.
I'll set it all up.
Okay.
I'm too close to this. Augie...
all right?
No loose ends.
Yes. sir.
Shit. man. is that Laroy?
Most of him.
Little bitch was screaming so loud. I...
I kind of lost my shit.
Congratulations.
You're in charge.
No... wait. wait. what if
I don't want to be in charge?
Rise to it. brother.
With great power comes
great responsibility.
I ain't no Spiderman. nigga.
As we all know. our
Nomad Charter is disbanding.
Right.
We got Frankie Diamonds.
Gogo. and Greg the Peg looking
to land in Charming.
I think we'd be
lucky to have 'em.
Sorry I'm late.
Sit down.
We're just
voting in the Nomads.
Good.
Frankie. you got
anything you want to say?
Just want to say we're
honored to be sitting at this table.
We know you've been taking some
hits lately. and we're here to
help as much as we can.
Yeah. it's good to
have a home again. man.
Yeah. someplace
we can put our feet up.
All right. Peggie.
Any opposing?
Good.
What do we say?
Welcome to SAMCRO. boys.
Thank you.
It's great to have Bobby
Elvis back at the table.
Good to be home.
What. did they...
drop the charges on Georgie?
Yeah.
Apparently it was a suicide.
Climbed into the trunk.
shot himself ten times.
I've asked Bobby to be my VP.
What. uh. what about Ope?
I think Ope's gonna have to
step away from the club for awhile.
Too much damage
done to his family.
He's having a hard time not
putting that pain on SAMCRO.
I second Bobby.
Thank you.
Any opposing?
What do we say?
Love you. brother.
I just wanted to say how
happy I am to have a lot of you
back at the table and. uh...
not as much room on my right with
you here. but. uh.
glad you made the cut.
Thanks.
With Opie stepping away.
something I need to tell this club.
It's complicated. so I'm
hoping you hear me out.
Lobo cartel...
did not kill Piney. I did.
Everybody knows that there was no
love lost between Piney and me.
Most of you were witnesses to him
trying to blow my head off in this room.
I went up to the cabin. and I
thought we could maybe work out
this cartel business.
I thought. maybe. me and him. one
on one. cut through the bullshit.
He was a fifth of Patron
deep when I arrived.
I could hardly get out an argument
when he. uh... he drew on me.
I managed to wrestle the
sawed-off out of his hand.
Then he pulled a nine.
I had no choice.
I figured if the. uh. cartel
or the Irish heard that there
was internal beef. that they would
pull the plug on the deal.
so I. uh...
I put it on the Mexicans.
I planned on telling everybody
what went down soon as all the
heat was off but. uh...
Opie found out the truth
before I could do that.
He's the one that shot me.
What?
I lied to Jax.
I told him it was black.
Why'd you lie. man?
You were protecting Ope.
We needed an ambulance.
EMS would report
the bullet wound.
I don't blame Ope
for trying to kill me.
I only wish I could explain
to him what happened.
Anyway... I killed a member.
self-defense or not.
You gotta vote on
whether I stay or go.
We need to live
with this for awhile.
Let's take a day or
two before we vote.
You give me a minute?
What are you doing?
Still a lot of truth I
can't cop to. so... I figured
I would. uh. get out the
rest of what there is.
I'm supposed to believe you're just gonna
throw yourself at the mercy of the club?
Come on. man.
Mea culpas aren't your style.
What's the play?
I'm all out of play.
I'm just trying to do
what's best for SAMCRO.
What's your play. son?
I mean. I get why you stopped Opie. but...
you found out about JT...
How come you didn't kill me?
I need you alive to
keep the Irish happy.
Ah. you never
wanted this cartel deal.
Why would you give a shit
if the Irish are happy?
Just trying to do
what's best for SAMCRO.
Ah.
I just went by the
house to see my grandkids.
Who the hell decided to
put them in day care?
Me and their mother.
We don't let other
people raise our children.
It's selfish and lazy.
I don't have
time for this. Mom.
You want to see the kids.
work it out with Tara.
I still don't
understand. Jackson.
You don't have to.
His time will come.
Hey.
Yeah.
Just making sure
you got home okay.
Oh.
Well. yeah... yeah. I did.
I'm fine.
Good.
So now you have my number.
In case you ever need anything.
Okay.
Thanks.
Weapons...
on the hood of the car.
It's cool.
Mr. Pope has given the
problem some more thought.
and he realizes nothing the Sons
offer is gonna be good enough.
But you...
get to give 'em your message.
What am I supposed
to do with this?
Kill Teller.
I thought this
meeting was with Pope?
Mr. Pope would like
this discussion to happen first.
I'm his associate.
August Marks.
Weapons.
Gotta settle
things with the Niners.
Where the hell's Laroy?
Darnell's in charge now.
Work it out.
Hey.
Look. man. we got a lot of
history with your crew.
We've beefed before. both made
mistakes. but we get through it.
Just tell me what you need.
Drop him. Darnell!
Go. Jackie. boy!
We'll get back at
these bastards!
Kill. Jackie!
Come on. D. get up. man!
That's enough.
That's enough!
Jax!
JJ! Jackie boy!
I thought you pulled weapons?
I did.
Jesus Christ.
He didn't really
want to be in charge anyway.
You. what's your name?
TYLER Ty... T-Tyler.
Well. T-T Tyler.
you need to go back to
your crew and tell 'em the
beef with the Sons is done.
If it continues. so will the
turnover in leadership.
There ain't nothing to think over.
Go!
Yeah. all right.
Well. go!
All right.
What the hell is this?
Mr. Pope will
reach out to you soon.
Dump him!
This is Pope letting us know...
he's the one who
decides who lives and dies.
I think that's the last of it.
Showerhead's leaking.
I'll have Chucky come by
tomorrow and change the washers.
Thanks.
I know how hard it
was to admit that today.
I'm glad you came clean.
No one's gonna vote you out.
It's out of my
shaky little hands.
Hey.
I'm good. Thanks.
I. uh... murdered...
an innocent girl.
The lie was to protect
Ope and the club. not me.
I was with you...
in the hospital... every day...
for three weeks.
You should've told
me the truth. Clay.
I didn't know how.
Sorry.
Yeah?
Shit.
Where?
No. I'll come and get her.
No. Yeah.
Yeah. all right. Yeah. thanks.
What's that?
Oakland detective
stopped Dawn for DUI.
His. uh. brother-in-law's
a Grim Bastard.
But if I pick her up myself.
they won't charge her.
We good?
I don't know.
Uh-huh?
LT. these two girls
came in. said they witnessed
guys on motorcycles shooting
a black man in an SUV.
Picked out Teller and Chibs.
Oakland PD just called.
Another two witnesses came in.
identified Tig Trager as the guy
that ran down Veronica Pope.
Detective Goodman. Oakland PD.
You Trager?
Yeah. Where's Dawn?
Hands on your head.
Shit. man. you
gotta be kidding me.
Do it!
Walk.
No. man.
- I'm not going anywhere until...
- Shut up!
Move.
Oh. goddamn it.
Do you know who
I am. Mr. Trager?
Yeah.
And do you know
what happens now?
You kill me.
That'd be too easy.
Oh. no. Oh. no.
Dawny?
Dawny. hey. Dawn.
Baby?
Oh. baby... Wake up! Oh. man...
Oh. shit! No. baby... No! No!
Hey. baby!
Oh. baby. oh... Stop! Oh. baby!
Daddy?
I'm so sorry. baby.
Oh. oh. baby...
Let me go! No!
What's happening?
Goddamn it!
Let me go! Let me go!
Daddy. get me out of here!
Oh. baby...
Oh. man. I'm sorry.
Please... please. not her.
Kill me. Please. I beg you.
Please. kill me. please?
Please?
Know my pain. Mr. Trager.
Oh. baby... Oh. no!
No!
Daddy!
Mr. Trager. you and some
of your crew have been ID'd
for the murder of my daughter
and the highway shooting.
Detective Goodman will
take you to County.
You should keep this vivid
memory to yourself.
I'd hate to see the same thing
happen to your other daughter.
I am gonna cut your
ugly. black head off.
Get your cleaner out here.
You got it.
Let's go.
Thomas is congested.
Need a humidifier in that room.
It's not a dry cough.
A humidifier won't help.
And they don't
need to be in day care.
We can take care of our own.
They need to socialize
with other children.
And let's be honest...
I don't think you're up for the task.
Excuse me?
You have every right to
be distracted. you've been
- through a lot...
- Just say what you mean.
I smell weed and alcohol
on your breath every morning.
I don't smoke or
drink in the morning.
I'm a doctor. Gemma.
I know how long drugs and
alcohol stay in your system.
And until you... you pull it together.
I don't want you alone with my boys.
Really.
Jax feel the same way?
I didn't tell him. but
he knows you're not yourself.
Hey. baby.
Hey.
I knew you'd be here.
Hello. my love.
Welcome home. sweetheart.
Oh. I'm glad you're out.
Bobby wanted to see the boys.
Oh. they just went down.
Go ahead.
We okay?
Oh. yeah.
We're perfect.
Hey.
Hey. uh. Gemma.
I need Jax.
Why?
Let me talk to him. please?
Unser.
Hey. what's happening?
I just heard
from Eglee at Lodi PD.
County issued warrants
for you. Chibs. and Tig.
Murder of Veronica
Pope and Laroy's guy.
APB's going wide.
How?
Four witnesses turned up today.
Two saw Tig. two saw
you and the Scot.
Shit.
Okay.
Thank you.
All right.
Oh. God.
Now what?
One of 'em is
burned up pretty bad.
Yeah. I got it.
I got you.
How long?
Two hours.
Maybe a little longer.
You're dead. niggers...
You're all dead.
You kidding me with this shit?
Die.
Die. Die.
You all right?
Goodman!
No. please. please. please...
This guy bought
those witnesses.
I'll call Lowen.
If Pope got these people
to lie. we can prove that.
No. you can't
turn yourselves in.
Pope did this
to get you inside.
Black Nation offs us in County.
kill never gets put on him.
Chucky.
Sheriffs are at the
clubhouse looking for us.
Next stop is here.
- You gotta go. Jax.
- No. you can't run. That's insane.
And getting
shived to death isn't?
- He's not gonna end up a fugitive.
I'm sorry... - He is not going to jail.
- No. we have two small boys...
- Yeah. that is exactly
- the point. and why he is...
- He is... - Stop!
Baby. you gotta
buy yourself some time.
You make sure you're protected.
She's right.
I know where you can go.
You'd be safe.
All right.
Don't do this. Jax.
Please.
We're dead if we go inside now.
Stay here.
Take care of our boys.
I'll call you when
I have a plan.
Let's go.
There you go. buddy.
Chow time.
Doing okay?
Miss her. don't ya?
Yeah. me. too.
Want some ice cream?
Mr. Pope...
Thank you. Mr. Pope!
Thanks.
No!
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com